okay okay this is an emergency I am
officially scared freaked out and when
Hasbro has done oh my god oh my god that
is that like a rebus oh oh I tell you
this is a disgrace to the Little Pigeon
trace and they seem to think this is
great good this is just this is torture
right yeah I am seeing LPS torture oh my
god so luckily look at it uh-oh oh it
looks like that one total of me mark
that one is just makes my blood
'girlcode well um oh please please don't
show dun dun dun dun dun dun denton ding
ding ding ding ding ding tenten tenten
whoa what was that like supposed to be a
dog and what's with the eyes look at it
but it's got all stars and stuff it and
on the head and 0 on it Oh
do you see that there is a start on that
dogs but wow I am so glad I'm not you no
offense but you know oh my god seriously
this is just sick this is making me
really sick I just can't stand this okay
um yeah the sort the point of this was
oh my god I just can't take it please
your marketing with these film these
things from hell I just uh oh my god I
got goosebumps nap look at that one it's
wearing a ninja suit it I like it's an
assassin oh my god it's scaring the hell
outta me know okay I'm gonna know
Hesburgh hice stop this madness are you
doing like Klein making of us and like
failing really badly really really badly
cuz if you on you should like we're in
the waffle something I'm sorry I keep
doing it I'm just really really wow when
I first sold them at the shop sells uh
oh what the heck is that I thought it
was another toy and then it looked
closer and I was like is that actually
littlest pet shop and I started freaking
out I mean the Walker Bulls were fine
they they're pretty cool but this this I
have no idea what to say
sar gonna warn you guys look it up new
ideas or if if if you've seen it already
and you know what I'm talking about
totally freaky make a video about it if
you have YouTube account and get more
people again send taz bruh since many
letters as you can't as per complaining
about these ugly littlest pet shop and
hell they have to be stopped before they
take over the world with the ugliness
something uh anyway please please stop
them please please please please please
big ticket ok I have to go it spread the
word please please Dubai Oh